## FIFA React Web App
This is a web application built with a ReactJS frontend connected to a MySQL database on the backend. The overall structure of the application is intended to fulfill all functional and non-functional requirements we set out to accomplish both on the user and admin side.

### Code Structure
The application source code is located in the `React-mySQL` folder. Inside this folder are two directories: `client` and `backend`.
- The `client` folder contains all of our frontend work. In the `pages` folder we have unique layouts and logic set up for Tournaments, Matches, Teams, and Login, as well as admin-only dashboard pages for updating these fields. Inside `modules` folder are files specifying logic for React components built to change and display information dynamically based on the current state of the application. The Match Cards and Media cards will each pull from their respective tables in the database and display one card per row. The Header component displays options based on whether the current user is logged in as an admin ot not.
- The `backend` folder primarily contains credentials and connection logic for our mySQL database. This database contains tables for Tournaments, Teams, and Matches, with several features attached to each. Each of the rows in each table is read into the application and applied to a React component, as specified on the client side.

### Features
The application is set up to fulfill our most important functional and non-functional requirements. Non-admin users can visit the home page and view information about each tournament as a dynamic card, with a unique picture associated with it. Each card has two dynamic links leading to a Teams page and a Matches page, which is unique for each year. The teams page displays a list of all the teams that participated in that year's World Cup. The matches page contains more information per row, and so each match is displayed as a dynamic card showing the two teams that played, their final scores, the date of the match, the start time, the temperature that day, and the number of tickets sold.

There are a few more options on the admin side as well. Admins get access to dashboards for each page they want to edit: Tournaments, Teams, and Matches. The admin must first log in, in which case they are taken to a unique login screen which requires a valid username and password recognized as an admin account. Once successfully logged in, they are redirected back to the home page and will see an option to modify data on the top header. Each type of data modification has its own dashboard associated with it, and updating information for each page is straightforward and user-friendly.